✨Add features to tool (#4)
d3b-center/D3b-DGD-Collaboration: README.md

 - Update gene symbols
   - `hgnc_tsv`: Gene name [database TSV file](https://ftp.ebi.ac.uk/pub/databases/genenames/hgnc/tsv/hgnc_complete_set.txt) from HGNC.
  If omitted, this step will be skipped
   - `input_tsv`: Custom Fusions TSV file, i.e. fusion-dgd.tsv.gz }
   - `old_symbol`: Column name for the old gene symbol(s) in the HGNC TSV. Set to override script defaults
   - `new_symbol`: Column name for the new gene symbol(s) in the HGNC TSV. Set to override script defaults

>    - `update_columns`: Column names from the Fusions TSV where to update gene names (e.g. -u foo bar blah). Set to override script defaults: `["FusionName","Gene1A","Gene1B"]`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   - `update_columns`: Column names from the Input TSV where to update gene names (e.g. -u foo bar blah). Set to override script defaults: `["FusionName","Gene1A","Gene1B"]`
   - `fake_columns`: Column names to use as the header for the Input TSV. Set to override script using first line of Input TSV as header or if file has no header (e.g. -z foo bar blah). 
```
